[related_resources] add yival.ai to the prompt tools section (#739)
openai/openai-cookbook: related_resources.md

- [Chainlit](https://docs.chainlit.io/overview): A Python library for making chatbot interfaces.
- [Guardrails.ai](https://shreyar.github.io/guardrails/): A Python library for validating outputs and retrying failures. Still in alpha, so expect sharp edges and bugs.
- [Semantic Kernel](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel): A Python/C#/Java library from Microsoft that supports prompt templating, function chaining, vectorized memory, and intelligent planning.

> - [YiVal](https://github.com/YiVal/YiVal): Evaluate and Evolve — YiVal is an open-source GenAI-Ops tool for tuning and evaluating prompts, configurations, and model parameters using customizable datasets, evaluation methods, and improvement strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [YiVal](https://github.com/YiVal/YiVal): An open-source GenAI-Ops tool for tuning and evaluating prompts, retrieval configurations, and model parameters using customizable datasets, evaluation methods, and evolution strategies.
```
